#1281 docker machine link redirects to docker desktop documentation (#1286)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/about-provisioning-drivers/manage-node-drivers.md

### Developing Your Own Node Drivers

Node drivers are implemented with [Rancher Machine](https://github.com/rancher/machine), a fork of [Docker Machine](https://github.com/docker/machine). Docker Machine is no longer under active development.

> Refer to the original [Docker Machine documentation](https://gcbw.github.io/docker.github.io/machine/) for details on how to develop your own node drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the original [Docker Machine documentation](https://github.com/docker/docs/blob/vnext-engine/machine/overview.md) for details on how to develop your own node drivers.
```
